I can convince anyone of anything I once
convinced a man that an empty warehouse
was the Federal Reserve so I'm good
you're Nicky Spurgeon they call you the
best Inside Man use everything there's a
science to getting people to trust you
and then you move on for the kill
I want it I touch you here I steal from
here I tap you here I steal from here I
step to here and I'm gonna slap my face
are you why he would if you knew where
my hand was
you might be one of the best I've ever
seen
there's the girl her name is Jess she's
our intern you hidden that hi I'm right
here no Farhad I'm not hitting oh
there's two kinds of people in this
world as hammers and nails you decide
which one you want to be there's no room
for heart in this game
congratulations you're a criminal so
what about the big con oh you mean the
one where we make so much money we have
a deal
twenty four million dollars
we were very hard for me to find but I
have something that can end with you
being very rich or very dead are you in
or out
Oh swell got three lives balanced on my
head like steak night this is a game of
focus codes documentation and analysis
48 hours I can't tell you the truth
about my disguise what are you doing
with him
you don't know
he's on to us
and I'd really like to show you how I
learned how to play man like I just
played you Wow love will get you killed
in this racket you get their focus you
take whatever you want
focus maybe the roof he's talking but
this is really fun only in cinemas